Very minor tweaks to the spack install page to link to the Modify and build an ACCESS model source code doc (#1125)
ACCESS-Hive/access-hive.github.io: docs/getting_started/spack.md

We also recommend that you refer to the [Spack 101 Tutorial](https://spack-tutorial.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

> Installing Spack enables a user to: build an ACCESS model from the source code, swap the model's components or modify the source code. Once you've installed Spack, you can see next steps [here](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/build_a_model/build_source_code/).

Author: Wasn't sure if I was supposed to use a relative link here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing _Spack_ allows users to build ACCESS models directly from the source code and carry out development testing that involves modifying the source code.<br>
After installing _Spack_, refer to the [Build a model](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/build_a_model/build_source_code/) page for the next steps.
```

Author: Happy for most of the re-wording here but can we please add back in:

> swap the model's components

I think it's an important point that some users will need and less scary than modifying the code.

Reviewer: I would then suggest:
```suggestion
Installing _Spack_ allows users to build ACCESS models directly from the source code, swap model components, and carry out development testing that involves modifying the source code.<br>
After installing _Spack_, refer to the [Build a model](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/build_a_model/build_source_code/) page for the next steps.
```

We also recommend that you refer to the [Spack 101 Tutorial](https://spack-tutorial.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Installing _Spack_ allows users to build ACCESS models directly from the source code, swap model components, and carry out development testing that involves modifying the source code.<br>

> After installing _Spack_, refer to the [Build a model](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/build_a_model/build_source_code/) page for the next steps.

Author: How about

> Note: _Spack_ is only required if you wish to build an ACESS model using your own machine (Gadi, laptop etc), if you are using the GitHub pre-release workflow then this step is not required. See `Create Prereleases and Releases for an ACCESS Model` [here](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/build_a_model/create_a_prerelease/).
